---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---


**What did you do this past week?**
This past week I went into the process of creating my work environment and writing the basic unoptimized collatz project. Getting more used to GitHub
and starting to tackle the long list of what it takes to get a finished project turned in. Enjoyed a fairly easy first real week of school. 
Just some light reading and a little bit of a calculus review. My easy weeks may be numbered as algorithms homework starts next week.

**What's in your way?**
Today Notre Dame stands in the way, might have the advantage though ny making them play on Sunday. Optimizing collatz and making viable tests that
cover everything my tricky classmates can come up with. Hopefully google tests won't be give me too much trouble and my optimizations won't take longer than I think they will.


**What will you do next week?**
Read Plato's Republic and catch up on what I missed in linear algebra. Finish any quest homework for thee week. Try to meet my professors. Finish everything on the long list of things required
for correct project submission. Catch up on piazza posts, they seem to double overnight. Write something to find any collatz sequences that have a member exceed integer size. Review the differences between i++ and ++i. Look
back into error catching in C++, I have a little bit of trouble absorbing everything on Fridays. They seem to be the most likely quiz candidates. 
And lastly get my resume ready early for the upcoming career fair.

**Tips of the Week**
Go to class! Playing catch up is the worse feeling in the world, and I hear you can learn some pretty cool stuff when you go!
Get Resumes ready, it sucks to have reprint them after you realize you didn't capitalize your first name...
