---
layout: post
title: Week Eight
---

**What did you do this past week?**
Finished Allocator project. This has been my favorite project to work on so far. No purely technical difficulties arose creating it. The content
felt like a direct extension of the class. The difficulty of it matched up pretty well with what I like to see in a project. Nothing mind numbingly difficult or
anything that can seem tedious to implement. It was a good challenge thinking of corner cases that broke our implementation and then fixing them.
We went over some pretty tricky c++ stuff in class this week, that I need to review. 

**What's in your way?**
Linear Algebra test this week. I need to put in a ton of work before thursday, but I believe I should be able to score fairly well.
Still waiting on exams back from a few classes, hoping for no heart sinking wrench like when the unfinished test scores were released here.
Need to do quite a bit of reading today and a ton of linear algebra review before Thursday. I'm really not a fan of the multiple choice questions for that class
doing a single algebraic error in any point of a matrix question either results in a garbage answer or some sign difference which earns 0 points, because of the format.


**What will you do next week?**
Find a partner and start project 4. Learn linear algebra, finish linear algebra homework, take linear algebra test. Finish algorithms homework 
Hopefully find out my grades for my other exams. Then go to the battlefield that is registration.

**Tip Of The Week**
Courtesy of Ben "If you need an Ice pack and don't have one you can freeze a sponge for a no mess icepack."
