---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

**What did you do this past week?**
Started on Darwin project, this one seems fairly difficult. Studied for linear algebra and algorithms. Go test grades back from a few classes, I might
be dropping my gov class. Meaning I'll need to get my EL flag elsewhere. Hopefully I can eventually get the upper division c.S. course that offers it.
Didn't do super amazing on the test, probably lost many points on the last 2 problems, was lacking some understanding in that area. The UT CS 50th year
was pretty exciting free  stuff and interesting talks.


**What's in your way?**
Two tests on Thursday and a project due then as well. Managing my time is going to be fairly rough this week with the Darwin project.
Most of the Darwin project still needs creating, we have some skeleton stuff laid out but it still needs a lot of work. Still hating multiple 
choice math exams, when many of the problems involve row reducing a 3x6 matrix. The room for the likelyhood of doing one computation wrong is quite high.
And multiple choice problems are unforgiving.


**What will you do next week?**
Learn some intricacies of NP completeness and brushup on knapsack algorithm. Get a firmer grasp on dynamic programming for algorithms, probably drop classical quest for justice, finish Darwin project.
Think back on our current Darwin classes. We may have to go through a redesign or two. This project is definitely more design oriented than the
previous ones. Requires a lot more thinking before jumping in to code.


**Tip Of The Week**
A lot of people probably know this but online cpp compilers like cpp.sh are pretty useful when wanting to try something quick.

