---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

**What did you do this past week?**
Finished netflix project, these projects can be exetremely stressful. The actual coding and solving the problem is usually the shortest part of these
projects. Dealing with a plethora of technical issues and making sure some little thing won't ruin your submission is the harder part. Finished
my first linear algeabra test. One of the few multiple choice exams I've had so far. Can't say I'm a fan, losing quite a few points to 
being off by a single +- sign.

**What's in your way?**
A bunch of readings for this week, linear algebra homework and algorithm homework. Need to brush up on my essay skills for an upcoming exam.
C++ material, need to start reviewing for this exam, not sure what to expect completely. Mastering the tools required to turn in each project.
Each time it comes to turn in a project some issue comes up. A makefile thing won't work properly, Travis CI chooses to give hour queue times the 
night before, etc. I feel if I had a better understanding on getting that stuff to work, projecgts would be less problematic.

**What will you do next week?**
Go back and work on c++ pointer stuff, not super confident I can get those every time. Learn what each level and strength of iterator can do.
I've got this odd feeling I may be getting called on again in class. Hopefully I can get answer completely right so I can get off the hitlist for a while.

**Question of the Week**
If anybody knows if there's a way to get the trackpad to disable itself while I'm typing it would be super cool to let me know.
